README.md, before:

## Software Development Project Ideas   

This is a work in progress, feel free to contribute or fork as desired!
   
This repository is just a list of projects for software developers. 
We are often encouraged to keep updating our skills and learning new things,
and I believe that building useful or fun projects are some of the best ways 
to do that. Thus, these project specifications are not defined with 
any particular tech stack in mind. 

Of course, if you feel competent and have the bandwidth, I encourage you to 
contribute to open source instead of working on these projects. 

Most importantly, have fun!

### Kata

A kata is just a way to keep a programmer's skill sharp or quickly learn 
the basics of a new language/framework.    
They generally are just small business logic rules put into code, and 
don't take very long to complete. 

### Small

A small project is slightly larger than a kata, and usually takes an afternoon to 
complete. 
If you add just a small amount of I/O (i.e. a CLI or file processing capabilities)
to a kata, it becomes a small project. 

### Medium   

A medium project is something that takes a few days to complete. Generally 
this requires setting up several components or modules. 
   
### Large
   
A large project is anything that takes longer than a few days to complete. 
A project of this size and scope can be tackled by one person or many.

Commit message:

Added a line to the README. Added the file encryption spec to the medium projects folder

README.md, after:

## Software Development Project Ideas   

This is a work in progress, feel free to contribute or fork as desired!
   
This repository is just a list of projects for software developers. 
We are often encouraged to keep updating our skills and learning new things,
and I believe that building useful or fun projects are some of the best ways 
to do that. Thus, these project specifications are not defined with 
any particular tech stack in mind. Thus, any projects that require specific hardware
or sensors are not mentioned here.

Of course, if you feel competent and have the bandwidth, I encourage you to 
contribute to open source instead of working on these projects. 

Most importantly, have fun!

### Kata

A kata is just a way to keep a programmer's skill sharp or quickly learn 
the basics of a new language/framework.    
They generally are just small business logic rules put into code, and 
don't take very long to complete. 

### Small

A small project is slightly larger than a kata, and usually takes an afternoon to 
complete. 
If you add just a small amount of I/O (i.e. a CLI or file processing capabilities)
to a kata, it becomes a small project. 

### Medium   

A medium project is something that takes a few days to complete. Generally 
this requires setting up several components or modules. 
   
### Large
   
A large project is anything that takes longer than a few days to complete. 
A project of this size and scope can be tackled by one person or many.
